My name is Joke Overdeverst. I came to live here in Wales 22 years ago.
I live in Roschfach and my place is called Brynhefryd, which means beautiful or excellent views really.
And I have that. The views are amazing.
I was looking for a place to live and we did think probably land with an old house and build it up slowly.
I wanted to milk goats. But when I did ask somebody who had goats here about was there anything he didn't like about goats,
he told me this horrible story about if baby goats are boys, you have to sort of kill them straight away because nobody wants to eat goat meat.
And I said, well, you know, can you do does the fat come?
Or he said, no, actually not really. He gets a piece of wood and he actually kills them.
We were in such a shock that I said, oh, no, no, we're not going to do that.
We're not going to be never can do that. And my one of my daughters sat on that time.
But mama, we still going to live here. And I said, well, I don't know Joyce, her name was Joyce.
Could you do that? And she sort of said, oh, well, as long as I don't get nightmares, she said.
But anyway, we never did that. So that was a bit of a shame because it was a bit of my dream as well.
But we lived a fantastic and one day we went out on the bike and we went.